# 🚨 emergency-communication

## 📝 Information:
This is the source code for IEEE Globecom Workshop paper  
__"MIMO Beamforming with Reduced Pilots and Radio Map for Emergency Wireless Communications"__  
_Welcome to cite this article !_

```
@inproceedings{yang2024MIMO,
  author={Yang, Bin and Zhang, Hong Hao},
  booktitle={Proc. IEEE Globecom Workshops (GC Wkshps)},
  title={MIMO beamforming with reduced pilots and radio map for emergency wireless communications},
  month={Dec.},
  year={2024},
  pages={1-5}
}
```

## 🛠️ Please follow the following steps:
__1. Create virtual environment for this repository__  
```
virtualenv env_EC
```
__2. Activate the created environment__
```
source env_EC/bin/activate
```
__3. git clone the repository to your folder__
```
git clone https://github.com/yangbin-xd/emergency-communication.git
```
__4. cd to the folder__
```
cd emergency-communication
```
__5. pip install required modules according to the requirements__
```
pip install -r requirements.txt --no-deps
```
__6. Please uninstall the numpy with high version__
```
pip uninstall numpy
```
__7. And degrade the numpy version to 1.19.5__
```
pip install numpy==1.19.5
```  
__8. Then, you can run benchmark of location-based beamforming__
```
python GBM.py
```
__9. And benchmark of channel knowledge map__
```
python CKM.py
```
__10. The proposed reduced pilots-based beamforming__
```
python pilot.py
```
__11. The proposed radio map-based beamforming__ 
```
python radio_map.py
```
__12. The integration of radio map and reduced pilots__
```
python integrate.py
```

## 👤 Authors:  
authors: Bin Yang∗, Hong Hao Zhang†  
∗University of New South Wales, Sydney, NSW 2052, Australia   
†Shenzhen College of International Education, Shenzhen 518048, China   
Email: bin.yang@unsw.edu.au  

## 📨 Contact:  
If you have any questions about this code, you are welcome to contact me via:  
binyang_2020@163.com  

## 🗂️ Introduction:  
data is the dataset generated by DeepMIMO                
model is to save the deep learning model  
picture is to save the generated pictures  
utils.py is the functions used in this source code  
scenario.py is to plot the scenario generated by DeepMIMO  
LBB.py is the location based beamforming  
CKM.py is the channel knowledge map  
radio_map.py is the radio map method  
pilot.py is the reduced pilots method  
integrate.py is the integration scheme  
fig1.py is the code to plot Fig. 3 in the paper  
fig2.py is the code to plot Fig. 4 in the paper  
fig3.py is the code to plot Fig. 5 in the paper 

## 🚀 Environment:  
numpy                   1.19.5  
matplotlib              3.6.3  
keras                   2.6.0  
tensorflow-gpu          2.6.0  
__Details please see requirements.txt__
